with pisa from the two faces concludes 2 2
many mistakes against the barletta
defensive where you can hear the absences of
Saturday swagger good things instead in
offensive phase even if a little wasteful
the mister bread team
we also greet lucky lucky for
he is not an accident at work but a lot
so much warmth of the northern curve and of the
fans also from us for this
great historic Nerazzurri fan
let's see the images with the
game
perez network in the fourth minute
cue for him fits after a
error and puts it inside 1 to 0 for the
Nerazzurri team
then the offside that prevents
the net of one to zero to ferreira
we also see from the still image
corrected the assistant's decision
of the referee the player was beyond the
recent punishment line for
burzigotti and who sends the head
easy central balloon forever
at the 31st, the bearded man reveals himself as a lazy man
alone in front of the sepe goalkeeper
neutralizes the extreme internet of the extreme
defender then complete error of the
defense always clashes with one
retention of pisa and for bearded is
easy to put in forty-first inside
the network of one to one
then perez try to react pisa
extends on him and I raise the right of
perez parade of bread so we go to
second time with cat assist for rizzo
his right ball high
then again pisa careful in all
great ways cat pérez e words
send two opposing defenders to the doll
including the goalkeeper but the rescue
on the line but we still care
perez the parade try them
all try both players
delle pisa and then again peres e si
devours the shot and the goal to the 35th
large parade of bread is not over a
another ball eaten by scappini al
in the small area but in the end comes the
2 1 on an involuntary captain's assist
does mahsuli for perez and the first
double in the league with the shirt
del pisa goes to jump under the curve
nord grande perez net however is one
fatuous fire because it comes immediately after the
tie 2 to 2 of carretta defense
pisa here really passed by
apart from
and there is much work to think mister
the pisa 5 points in the league we will see
in the next game what will i do
Nerazzurri